add new features to upgrade doc (#750)
astronomer/docs: software/upgrade-astro-cli.md

After you complete these steps, upgrade to Astro CLI v1.0+ by following the instructions in [Install the CLI](install-cli.md).

## New Features

### New `astro dev restart` command to test local changes. 

`astro dev restart` will restart your local Astro project

### New Command to Run DAG Unit Tests with pytest

> You can now run custom unit tests for all DAGs in your Astro project with `astro dev pytest`, a new Astro CLI command that uses pytest, a common testing framework for Python. As part of this change, new Astro projects created via astro dev init now include a tests directory, which includes one example pytest built by Astronomer. In addition to running tests locally, you can also run pytest as part of the Astro deploy process. More information in [Release Notes](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli-release-notes#new-command-to-run-dag-unit-tests-with-pytest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run custom unit tests for all DAGs in your Astro project with `astro dev pytest`, a new Astro CLI command that uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/contents.html#), a common testing framework for Python. As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astro dev init` now include a `tests` directory, which includes one example pytest built by Astronomer.

In addition to running tests locally, you can also run `astro dev pytest` as part of the deploy process to Astronomer Software. For more information, see [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference.md#astro-dev-pytest).
```

### New Command to Parse DAGs for Errors

> New `astro dev parse` command that allows you to run a basic test against your Astro project to ensure that your DAGs are able to to render in the Airflow UI. `astro deploy` now automatically applies tests from astro dev parse to your Astro project before completing the deploy process. More information in [Release Notes](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli-release-notes#new-command-to-parse-dags-for-errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New `astro dev parse` command that allows you to run a basic test against your Astro project to ensure that your DAGs are able to to render in the Airflow UI. This includes the DAG integrity test that is run with `astro dev pytest`, which checks that your DAGs are able to to render in the Airflow UI. Now, you can quickly run `astro dev parse` and see import and syntax errors directly in your terminal without having to restart all Airflow services locally.

For more complex testing, we still recommend using `astro dev pytest`, which allows you to run other custom tests in your project. For more information on `astro dev parse`, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference.md#astro-dev-parse).

```

After you complete these steps, upgrade to Astro CLI v1.0+ by following the instructions in [Install the CLI](install-cli.md).

## Features

### New `astro dev restart` command to test local changes. 

For users making quick and continuous changes to an Astro project locally, the Astro CLI now supports a new `astro dev restart` command. This command makes local testing significantly easier and is equivalent to running `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start`.

For more information, see [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference.md#astro-dev-restart).

### New Command to Run DAG Unit Tests with pytest

> You can now run custom unit tests for all DAGs in your Astro project with `astro dev pytest`, a new Astro CLI command that uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/contents.html#), a common testing framework for Python. As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astro dev init` now include a `tests` directory, which includes one example pytest built by Astronomer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now run custom unit tests for all DAGs in your Astro project with `astro dev pytest`, a new Astro CLI command that uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/contents.html#), a common testing framework for Python. As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astro dev init` now include a `tests` directory, which includes one example unit test built by Astronomer.
```
Since pytest is the testing framework, maybe was say "unit test" instead?
